Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces
hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedes
comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Back in 1966, there was a young boy named
Benny Carson who lived in Detroit.
Benny was not very good at school, and
this made his classmates laugh at him.
One day, he got really angry and hit one
of them in the head.
This made his mother, Sonia Carson, get
called into the principal's office.
After the meeting, Benny felt really sad.
He thought that he was not smart.
His mother, however, believed in him.
She told him that he was not stupid, but
very smart, and that he just needed to
work harder.
Still, she was worried.
She did not want her sons, Ben and
Curtis, to end up with jobs that they did
not like, because they weren't doing well
in school.
To help Benny do better, Sonia started
helping him with his schoolwork.
This is when she found out that Benny was
having trouble seeing.
She quickly got him glasses, which helped
him do better in school.
Benny often felt that he was not as good
as his classmates, but Sonia always told
him to concentrate on his studies.
Benny's life changed when he went to a
church service one Sunday.
The pastor told a story about a brave
doctor who helped poor people, even
though it was dangerous.
This story really touched Benny and made
him want to become a doctor who helps others.
Sonia was dealing with a lot of personal troubles.
She regularly visited a psychiatrist, and
she told him about her hard life.
She spent her childhood in foster care,
without a real family.
At just 13, she married Carson.
Later, she found out that Carson had
another family that he hid from her.
Despite their best efforts, their
marriage fell apart and ended in divorce.
Now Sonia works multiple jobs, like
cleaning and babysitting, to support her family.
Sonia can't read or write, and this
scares her.
She's worried that her sons might end up
facing the same challenges.
She even tells her psychiatrist about her
thoughts of ending her life, which
worries him.
He suggests that she should spend some
time in a hospital for her mental health.
During dinner, Sonia tells her sons that
she will have to be away for a few weeks.
She doesn't tell them why, but she urges
them to concentrate on their schoolwork,
because she believes that getting a good
education is the key to a better life for them.
While Sonia is in the hospital, her son
Benny keeps his promise to her
.
He starts working harder in school.
His hard work pays off when he receives
his first a grade.
When Sonia comes home from the hospital,
and Benny shows her his grade, she feels
so proud of him.
Sonia comes home from the hospital.